Last Updated:  8 Feb 25
New at release 1.3.8

WELCOME!

If this is your first installation of DGUS-Reloaded for CR6Community, I recommend that you:
   a) install and configure Mainsail and Klipper on your system first
   b) modify that base installation, using the following elements of the content in this repository:
      - ~klipper/klippy/extras/t5uid1 (folder and contents)
      - Related Changes (configuration files and klipper.bin file for your motherboard)
   c) install and configure the Stable_Z-Home add-in
   d) tailor your slicer configuration, per any guidance in README.MD
   e) using Mainsail, verify that your system now works correctly, except for the stock display. (Troubleshoot and resolve any issues, if/as applicable.)
   f) return to the DWIN_SET component repository, to flash the matching release of DWIN_SET and integrate the stock TFT display into your system.
   g) verify that the stock display now functions with Klipper, as described in the release notes for that version of the DWIN_SET component.

If you are here to update an existing installation of DGUS-Reloaded for CR6Community, I recommend that you:
   a) replace the contents of the ~klipper/klippy/extras/t5uid1 folder on your Klipper host, with the new version in this release
   b) use Winmerge to compare your current Klipper/Mainsail configuration files with the new configuration files of the same name in the Related Changes folder and incorporate any changes that you see at this release
   c) tailor your slicer configuration, if the Related Changes folder contains any modified instructions at this release
   d) using Mainsail, verify that your system now works correctly, except for the stock display
   e) return to the DWIN_SET component repository, to flash the new release of DWIN_SET and re-integrate the stock TFT display into your system.
   f) verify that the stock display now functions with Klipper, as described in the release notes for the new version of the DWIN_SET component.


New/Modified Features at this release:

 Added back-end processing support for the DWIN_SET v0.4.7 Release:

 - New Extruder Calibration function helps you measure the extruder run_distance (Klipper equivalent to calibrating "e-steps" in Marlin)
   NOTE: Marlin supports the gcode instruction M92, to actually update the system to the new e-steps value.  Klipper does not support M92, so you will need to update printer.cfg yourself, manually, once you have determined the new value.
     
Known Issues at this Release: (no changes since v1.3.6)
 - The displayed slicer-estimated print time remaining value may toggle between two values, if the print is performed faster than the slicer anticipated (e.g. if the federate is increased to a value greater than 100%)
 - The filelist, scroll and delete file scripts expect your gcode files to be stored in the default Klipper Virtual SD card directory:  ~/printer_data/gcodes. If your gcodes are stored in a different directory, they may not work for you
 - I use long filenames, so I designed the list to capture all of the .gcode files in all subfolders, but to NOT display the subfolder names in the list 
  - If you use subfolders to store different versions of files with the same name, you may not like this list.

  
NOTES: 
1. Some parts of this release were auto-generated by Microsoft's Co-Pilot AI.
2. Some features that tested fine on my system may not work on yours.  Please raise an Issue on the DWIN Component repository, or upload a post on the CR6 Community Discord, if you encounter problems.
3. As always, please join me in the Discussions section, if you have comments or suggestions.  

Cheers!